Master, look
This baby is a white marble I just received.
Unique jade
The key is 800,000
Xiaopeng, don't waste money in the future
This is just a normal hanger.
The vegetable market is two dollars a piece.
I thought it was some kind of baby
Oops, I was deceived again.
But it's okay
My dad is rich
Flower whatever hehe
By the way, Master Xu
Master Bai will hold a national treasure competition in two days.
I must take it
Master Xu has a high eye
One of the judges again
You have to help me take a good look today, okay?
What is this?
What happened to the master
Hi of course what?
Isn't this the Pudong Stone Bridge?
Hey
This is no ordinary stone ball
This is the night pearl.
What hehe
That's pretty understandable.
Been with me for over 20 years on this shit
Night Pearl Impossible
Hmph, eyeless
Here, let me show you.
Come on, can you borrow 10 balls for one use?
Master please
Hey
It really is the pearl of the night.
One is priceless
I didn't expect there to be three
How could this be?
Bring it, bring it
Hey, let me tell you.
This thing is mine and no one can take it from you.